NE-986: Add the information about allowedsourceranges (#51776)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-configuring-lb-allowed-source-ranges-migration.adoc

// Modules included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/configuring_ingress_cluster_traffic/configuring-ingress-cluster-traffic-load-balancer-allowed-source-ranges.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-configuring-lb-allowed-source-ranges-migration_{context}"]

> = Migrating to Load Balancer allowed source ranges

Reviewer: "load balancer" isn't normally a capitalized word - can it be lowercased throughout this PR?

> If you have already set `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation, you can migrate to Load Balancer allowed source ranges. After setting the `Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on the `AllowedSourceRanges`, the  Ingress Controller unsets the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have already set `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation, you can migrate to Load Balancer allowed source ranges. When you set `AllowedSourceRanges`, the Ingress Controller sets the `Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on `AllowedSourceRanges` and unsets the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation.
```

Author: Addressed

> If you have already set the annotation `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges`, you can migrate to Load Balancer allowed source ranges. When you set the `AllowedSourceRanges`, the Ingress Controller sets the `Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on the `AllowedSourceRanges` and unsets the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation.

Reviewer: unless you're going to say "field" afterward, I think you need to remove the "the" in front of it. Same for the second instance, if you have "the", you'll need something after it, maybe "value"?

```suggestion
If you have already set the annotation `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges`, you can migrate to Load Balancer allowed source ranges. When you set `AllowedSourceRanges`, the Ingress Controller sets the `Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` based on the `AllowedSourceRanges` value and unsets the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation.
```

Author: Addressed

[NOTE]
====

> If you have already set the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field of the Load Balancer service in a previous version of {product-title}, this configuration gets overwritten during an upgrade. To avoid this risk, do not set `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field when `AllowedSourceRanges` field is empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have already set the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field or `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation of the Load Balancer service in a previous version of {product-title}, Ingress Controller will start reporting `Progressing=True` after an upgrade. To fix this, set `AllowedSourceRanges` that will overwrite `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field and clear  `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation, and Ingress Controller will start reporting `Progressing=False` again. 
```

Author: Addressed

> If you have already set the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field or the Load Balancer service anotation `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` in a previous version of {product-title}, Ingress Controller starts reporting `Progressing=True` after an upgrade. To fix this, set `AllowedSourceRanges` that overwrites `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field and clears `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation. Ingress Controller starts reporting `Progressing=False` again.

Reviewer: I think a few "the's" are missing here:

```suggestion
If you have already set the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field or the Load Balancer service anotation `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` in a previous version of {product-title}, the Ingress Controller starts reporting `Progressing=True` after an upgrade. To fix this, set `AllowedSourceRanges` that overwrites the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` field and clears the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation. The Ingress Controller starts reporting `Progressing=False` again.
```

Author: Addressed

====

.Prerequisites

* You have set the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` annotation.

.Procedure

. Ensure that the `service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges` is set:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get svc router-default -n openshift-ingress -o yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  annotations:
    service.beta.kubernetes.io/load-balancer-source-ranges: 192.168.0.1/32
----

> . Ensure that the `.Spec.LoadBalancerSourceRanges` is unset:

Reviewer: Should this capitalization match the below yaml (so, lowercase initial "s" in "spec" and "l" in "loadBalancerSourceRanges")?

Author: Yes. Addressed

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get svc router-default -n openshift-ingress -o yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
...
spec:
  loadBalancerSourceRanges:
  - 0.0.0.0/0
...  
----

. Update your cluster to {product-title} 4.12.

> . Set a new allowed source ranges API for the `ingresscontroller` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set the allowed source ranges API for the `ingresscontroller` by running the following command:
```
